hi friends welcome back to my channel i
am taking you with me
on a little walk to get a matcha which
we haven't done together
in a really long time so i felt like we
were overdue plus
i'm out of matcha which my household
never happens but it has i've let it
let it come to this so i need to run out
grab a matcha for myself
run a couple little errands and i have
an announcement for you guys
um and we'll just chit chat also
it's currently i don't know if you guys
can see it's like the first snow
if you can call this snow of the year in
new york
and it's an occasion so we will make a
little
event out of it so before we get started
just chit-chatting i have a very
exciting announcement for you guys
if you haven't heard already i am
hosting a free
12-day fitness challenge it's called
well in 12
and it starts december 26th it runs
until january 6
and it's totally for you guys you don't
need money for this challenge you don't
need
anything but your cute self a pair of
dumbbells and
willingness to learn some new stuff go
to smallidic.com
challenge or sign up below and you guys
there are
huge prizes this year i'm so excited
i've never done a free challenge before
or a paid challenge
so this is gonna be big we have prizes
from women's best like full outfits and
protein powders and all of my favorite
stuff from women's best
we have gifts from bear mattress which
is
a mattress company that makes mattresses
for athletes i have one of their
mattresses they are
the best the best for recovery and we
have prizes from
the xo gun so the massage guns jojo's
chocolates
key list naturals you guys know and
you're a huge fan with me
of their natural cbd products they have
altogether all the gifts are well over
500 so it's zero dollars to sign up so
go ahead
sign up for the challenge at
smallidex.com challenge and we already
have literally like thousands of people
signed up i'm so
pumped it's gonna be fun and i'll tell
you more about the challenge as we walk
and talk i think i should put my hat on
though
so give me a sucker this is weird
it's just wet out hopefully my camera
can stand to get
a little dirty so the challenge is going
to be on our mobile app so you'll have
access to our mobile app for free which
is pretty great
for those 12 days you'll also receive an
ebook
with meal planning so you'll get tons of
recipes
breakfast lunch dinner snacks like the
whole works
and meal planning so you'll have you'll
know what to eat every day you'll have
lots of pff meals protein fats and
fibrous carbs
and we will walk you through the
challenge day by day and you guys
this coca-cola
is making a lot of sounds so i'm moving
over here this truck you guys
this has been a year right like this has
been
it's been a crazy time and i i just want
to create something where we can all
come together
and ring in the new year on a really
good note like really make a concerted
effort
to do something for our bodies and our
minds
to reset and just get in a mindset
of feeling good again like let's
remember what that feels like together
let's do it with a supportive community
with
great coach and a really
great fitness program so yeah if you
want to adopt that positive
mindset with me if you want to just
start feeling good before you even
bring in the new year this is going to
be the challenge for you guys
sorry guys i know it just cut to this i
realized i left my mask at home
and i think this is the first video that
i'm filming with you guys wearing a mask
it's such a such a strange time
um but i do have to tell you guys it's
snowing so much that my camera is
getting a little too wet
so i'm gonna check back in with you when
i pick up the matcha
and hopefully i can find a drier spot to
like pull over and chat
[Music]
all right made it back through the storm
and this is for kate
kate this is her chai
kate works here at small lettuce all
right we are set up now this is very
informal
chit chat with you guys today since it
was kind of not planned
something i did a mini training on my
instagram the other day about
fiber and in case you don't know what
fiber is i'm going to tell you
what it is also why it's important to
your fat loss goals and
how you can increase your fiber how you
can know how much you're currently
eating and this will be really brief but
it's really important
aspect of our nutrition that we often
neglect fiber
is a type of carbohydrate that is not
digested so
it is not broken down into glucose or
sugar and
entered into the bloodstream like other
carbohydrates are this is important
because
fiber we need fiber remember if you guys
are familiar with pff eating protein
fats and carbs fibrous carbohydrates
the carbs we always want to opt for
fibrous carbs over just like simple
sugary carbs
and there's a reason why it has its own
letter in the acronym
fiber is so important for keeping you
full and satiated it shuts down hunger
hormones keeps you regular
you know that's important it helps
regulate your hormones
it helps with fat loss and that it keeps
you satiated it keeps your gut healthy
and happy
and the crazy thing is a lot of times we
can get wrapped up
in making sure that we're getting enough
protein and getting enough you know
getting enough protein mostly if you're
if you're really working on getting your
protein up like i talk a lot about
on this channel then you could neglect
looking at your fiber so the other day
confession i sat down i looked at my
fiber intake just to get
i do a little nutrition checkup probably
like once every
i don't know every few months i'll just
go and do a little food journal and just
see okay am i getting enough
micronutrients am i getting
enough fiber in my diet and it turns out
that and this is like
not proud of this my fiber was at around
12 grams like 12 or 14 grams per day
and it had just slowly become that just
like i was slowly
making meals faster or leaving out
things like fibrous things like
raspberries or fruit that i could have
like cut up and put into a yogurt bowl
because i was just you know trying to
hit my protein goal so 14
that's really low you want to aim for
about 25 to 30 grams of fiber per day in
your diet that's the recommended daily
allowance a lot of dietitians will say
more towards the 30 grams is where
you'll start to
really like get the full benefits but if
you can just hit 25 as a starting place
that
is amazing and i wanted to share some
tips with you guys on how you can
increase your fiber intake really easily
um i sat down on it was sunday and
i just did all my meal planning planned
it out and made sure that i was getting
at least 25 in i did that by just
literally just writing down everything
that i needed to add in to hit that goal
so this is what i added
i added i swapped out my morning breads
or any breads that i eat and i love
bread you guys you don't need to cut
bread
out of your diet you don't need to
restrict carbs you just want to make
them higher in fiber
so i swapped out my sourdough which has
like very little nutritional value and i
used a dave's killer bread the good seed
thin sliced version instead for my
breakfast toast
this added like six grams of fiber or
something like that which is really good
if you can aim to get about six to eight
grams of fiber per meal
you'll be in a pretty good place if
you're having about you know three meals
and a
snack and a day you'll probably hit your
fiber goal so that hit my goal there
i made sure my lunch which is usually a
soup that already was really high in
vegetables so your fiber comes from
veggies from fruit not the juice you
actually need the fruit the actual
the fiber is in the actual fruit not if
you squeeze it if you squeeze it you
just get the sugar the sugary carbs not
the fibrous carbs so you need fruit like
berries are great blackberries
raspberries
um apples are really high in fiber
prunes
and um basically any vegetable
uh beans and legumes are also high in
fiber and then we also have a good range
of
seeds like uh chia seeds flax meal
this is all high in fiber as well so my
lunch was already pretty good and then
my snack i usually have like a protein
yogurt bowl it had become very bare
bones like it had become just like
yogurt and granola which
granola is not the best source of fiber
usually usually it's a little too sugary
a little bit
not what we're looking for so i added a
bunch of berries and fruit
to my yogurt bowl to make it a little
bit higher in fiber content
and for dinner i've been making tacos
for myself and i just made sure i added
more vegetables so i added some radishes
i added in some
tomatoes things like that just bulking
up the meal adding more nutritious
whole food and chia seeds by the way are
a huge hack you guys if you can just
sprinkle chia seeds on
your yogurt or like throw it into a
shake or a smoothie that is a really
easy way to get your
fiber up or also flax seed is also
really great for that and slightly lower
in fat so if you're trying to hit a fat
goal
you don't have to track your macros of
course but if you if you are
flax seed is also a really great option
what you do want to avoid are the
processed
like the processed fiber fortified foods
that are not
whole sources of fiber you want to try
to get all of your fiber from real food
first before you're
adding in things like shakes and
um like acacia fiber it's fine to have
that
as an added supplement in really small
amounts but if every single day you're
having like
15 grams of fiber from like
any processed powdery form
this has been shown to have very
negative effects effects on your
long-term health on your gut health over
time
so remember you want to get your fiber
from whole sources of food
first oh this is so good
did you try yours yet um
it's so pretty i know it's so pretty a
lot of times people will be like well
why does fiber
even matter and it is going to help your
fat loss goal a lot because it helps
bulk up your food
it helps you feel satiated you're not
going to have cravings in the afternoon
and it's just really really important
for also regulating your blood sugar
levels so the steadier blood sugar you
can have
the more your body can stay in a fat
burning mode and have that potential to
burn fat when you're not working out
versus be processing lots of sugars and
trying to figure out what to do with
um where to store it so the more you can
stabilize your blood sugars
the better chances and the easier it
will be to achieve your fat loss goal so
it's also really really important for
that for your blood sugar levels
you guys don't really need many more
reasons to work on getting your fiber up
but if
i were you i would keep a three-day food
journal as i say for everything
all starts with awareness and you can
use my macros plus you can use
myfitnesspal
and just see what your daily fiber is
looking like and if it's really low
if it's like 5 grams or 6 grams if it's
that low make sure that you don't
increase it to 30
overnight you want to make sure that you
do it really slowly because you can have
digestive issues if you just
like constipation if you just like
increase it too fast so increase it
slowly
lots of water if you're increasing your
fiber so that you can help flush it out
you can get through your digestive
system and then you should be good and
let me know
you guys in the comments if you have
increased your fiber in the past and
it's helped with your goals
or you know any questions you have about
fiber i know it's something that people
don't talk about a lot but it is
very very very important when it comes
to your health
and your nutrition so you guys that just
about
wraps up the quick chit chat i want to
have with you guys and
i really hope that you will join our
free challenge this year it's going to
be epic
like i said lots of prizes and
accountability and community and free
workouts and you get to do it on our app
which is really cool
and as far as how the winners will be
chosen since i didn't mention earlier
it's going to be based on participation
it's not going to be based on like
weight loss or
progress photos which you can absolutely
take those if you want but it's not
about that it's about
feeling good it's about showing up for
yourself for the next
12 days starting december 26th and just
entering the new year with the right
mindset going into the new year in a new
frame of mind that
you are in control of what you're in
control of and
you're going to make the best of
whatever 2021 is going to throw at us
so i think it's going to be a really
really great chance for us to hit the
reset button
together and you can sign up at
smallids.com challenge it's totally free
all you need is a pair of dumbbells and
i cannot wait
to welcome you guys into the challenge i
hope you guys have a great rest of your
day and i will chat with you soon
bye
[Music]